Make it possible to link in http_parser and pcre (#505)
rust-lang/git2-rs: README.md

on libssh2 which depends on OpenSSL. To get OpenSSL working follow the
[`openssl` crate's instructions](https://github.com/sfackler/rust-openssl#macos).

## Linking to system libraries

The underlying libgit2 library vendors two of its dependencies: pcre and
http_parser`. By default, the libgit2-sys crate builds those two dependencies

> along with libgit2. If youd like to link them in instead, enable the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
along with libgit2. If you would like to link them in instead, enable the
```
